● Suggest which generic software model will be most appropriate for the
development of the following systems. Give reasons for your answer.
	○ A system to control anti-lock braking in a car
		- Waterfall model
		- The waterfall model is ideal for  software that 
		  focuses on safety/security. The nature of ABS system
		  demands a rigorous and well-defined development process.

	○ A virtual reality system to support software maintenance
		- Incremental development model
		- The incremental development approach gives an initial version
		  to the user for feedback and that feedback is used to evolve
		  the system with several versions until the user is system is
		  adequatly developed for specified usage.

	○ A university accounting system that replaces an existing system
		- Reuse-Oriented software engineering model
		- Making use of the existing system to make changes to the software
		  and adjust it to fit the new requirements of the system will 
		  reduce the development time and effort needed and this approach
		  allows a smoother transition to the new system.

	○ An interactive travel planning system that helps users plan trips
	  with the lowest environmental impact
		- Incremental development model
		- For this type of system there will always be changes made
		  until the software is adequate for the intended usage thus
		  giving the user an initial version and making changes with 
		  the feedback received will be needed.
	  
● Why do you think incremental development is the most effective
  approach for developing business software systems?
	- Having an initial system to work with will allow the user to
	  give feedback and suggest changes to enhance or fix the software
	  where necessary.
	  
● Look at the diagram showing the reuse-oriented software engineering
  process above. Why do you think it is necessary to have two separate 
  requirements engineering steps in this process?
	- The old system will have a different set of requirements than the
	  new system with the added changes being made to the software
	  resulting in new requirements being needed.