● Do some research about the different approaches to deployment. What
  are the pros and cons of each? When would you use each approach?
	○ Direct deployment:
		- Pros: Fast and minimal disruptions after the switch is made.
		- Cons: If the new system has issues or errors everything would go down.
		- When to use: If switching to a new system is deemed low risk and was 
		  thoroughly tested.
	○ Parallel deployment:
		- Pros: This allows a comparison between new and old systems.
		- Cons: Requires more resources to run both systems at the same time.
		- When to use: When downtime risk is too high running both systems until
			the new system is stable and everyone is comfortable using the new system
			then the old one can be switched off.
	○ Phased deployment:
		- Pros: Easier for users to become familiar with the new system step by step.
		- Cons: Releasing the new system step by step takes much longer to be fully deployed
		- When to use: If the new system is large and complex training of users is crucial.

● Answer the following scenarios:
	○ A second-hand book shop is converting from a paper system to
	  digital, and they've asked you to develop their catalog software.
	  After finishing, how do you deploy it and why?
		- Direct deployment was fast and simple since the bookstore did not have a digital
		  system before there is no need to deploy it any other way. Switching over to 
		  the digital system as soon as possible would cause fewer disruptions than using both
		  the paper and digital system at the same time and with a second-hand bookstore
		  their catalog of books should be relatively small in comparison.

	○ A large retail chain has asked you to develop a more modern set of
	  tools for their use, including point-of-sale systems, stock records,
	  and customer service systems. After finishing, how do you deploy it
	  and why?
		- Phased deployment, this being a large retail chain with an existing system
		  and most likely a lot of employes using the systems rolling the new system out
		  gradually will reduce the risk and make training easier.

	○ You have developed an alternate fire alarm system for a large
	  shopping center. This system's reliability is of utmost importance.
	  After finishing, how do you deploy it and why?
		- Phased deployment, phased deployment allows for a more controlled introduction
		  to the new system reducing risks and minimal disruptions or downtimes. Using a 
		  phased deployment in a large shopping center allows for the system to be installed
		  and tested in smaller sections of the building once those smaller sections are up and
		  running without any issues the deployment can be moved to another section of the
		  building.

https://www.thesunshinelayer.com/p/5-deployment-strategies-that-make
https://www.ktlsolutions.com/pros-and-cons-of-the-different-implementation-strategies/
https://www.linkedin.com/advice/1/what-advantages-disadvantages-parallel-deployment
https://medium.com/@maheshsaini.sec/top-5-most-used-deployment-strategies-5d74f8b13b99
https://www.apwide.com/8-deployment-strategies-explained-and-compared/
https://dzone.com/articles/deployment-strategies
https://ellow.io/software-deployment-checklist-and-best-practices/